today we're going to check out the boss
tr2 tremolo pedal produces the tremolo
sound that you used to get with amps
from the 60s let's check it out from
also using an enhancer a little eq r is
going through clean channel of the TSO
602 by Martians the razor the twelve
o'clock wave is set to Center and the
depth is at twelve o'clock
I
ah
now for the depth to the max and i put
the wave at the solitude setting the
Adept full and we've turned the wave 2
square wave oh yeah there is reverb on
the apt to I forgot to mention
hey
in the center raises of folk and the
depth is back to 12 o clock
sitting in our demo is the rate as
around one o'clock the waveform at
solitude and the depth is up or tweak
this Purdy little thing to the cows come
home and get a lot of different songs
other
you
flash tremolo none of the fact you're
going to be using every day unless of
course you're stuck in the 60s but when
you do use it you want to get it right
the TR two is the one for you